PolicyWatch weekly overview for September 10 through September 17, 2026.

Congress / Federal:
HJRES 213: Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule issued by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the "California State Nonroad Engine Pollution Control Standards; Commercial Harbor Craft Regulations; Notice of Decision".
Veterans & Military highlight: HR 10371: To direct the Associate Administrator for Veterans Business Development of the Small Business Administration to ensure compliance...; HR 10439: To amend the Truth in Lending Act to extend the consumer credit....
   Motion to reconsider laid on the table Agreed to without objection.
HR 9340: Ratepayer Protection Act
   Motion to reconsider laid on the table Agreed to without objection.
HR 5109: To require the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration of the United States to develop guidelines to improve returning citizens' access to the Transportation Worker Identification Credential program, to assist individuals in custody of Federal, State, and local prisons in pre-applying or preparing applications for Transportation Worker Identification Credential cards, and to assist individuals requesting an appeal or waiver of preliminary determination of ineligibility, and for other purposes.
   The title of the measure was amended. Agreed to without objection.
   Plus 9 immigration, 41 healthcare, 32 education, 57 economic, 17 defense, 43 environmental, 21 technology, 25 tax, 25 infrastructure bills, and 182 others.
56 hearings scheduled.

Kansas: No new activity this week.

Colorado: No new activity this week.

Arizona: No new activity this week.

Utah:
   14 hearings.

Maine: No new activity this week.

Nebraska: No new activity this week.

Maryland: No new activity this week.

Pennsylvania: No new activity this week.

Massachusetts:
   15 committee actions, 13 hearings, 8 votes.
Veterans & Military highlight: SD 4235: Office of the Veteran Advocate Annual Report (FY2026).

West Virginia: No new activity this week.

Tennessee: No new activity this week.

North Carolina: No new activity this week.

Missouri:
   3 bills updated.

Iowa: No new activity this week.

Georgia: No new activity this week.

Kentucky: No new activity this week.

Explore full details at PolicyWatch.